Occasionally it can be quite useful
to inspect the piece of data
as it's flowing through your application.
One approach that we've already
seen is using console.log.
And you can use console.log inside your
markup as well as inside your script tag.
But if you want to pause execution as
if you're using the debugger statement
in JavaScript, you can use the debug tag
with a comma separated list of all of
the values that you want to inspect.
So let's take this console.log here and
replace it with debug user.
And now when this changes,
It actually pauses execution
of the entire application.
And it shows us where we are and
then you can inspect the values
as if you were using
the debugger tag in your
own JavaScript modules.
And that's it, we've completed
the entire Svelte tutorial.
So we've covered a lot of ground.
We've covered everything from the very
basics of what a component looks like
through to all of the advanced features
that you might need to lean on
when you're building
a real world application.
>> Okay, so one question is what's slots?
You have to bind a slot to an element,
like a physical, or
like a div, or whatever,
if you didn't want that markup,
is there a way to,
that extra markup of the container?
Is there any way to have
that container markup?
>> No,
it's something that's been talked about,
right now you need to
have a container element.
Or you can add display contents and
it will be as if it wasn't there
>> With page transitions,
what's the easiest way to accomplish that?
Are you gonna get into that?
Like routing and
stuff with sapper or what?
We are but
we're not gonna cover page transitions.
It's basically like any other transition,
we don't have a really good set
of examples of page transitions,
that's something that we
need to work on honestly.
It would be a little bit out of scope for
today's course though.